a perfect pair of jeans that's all I had
to say to get chippy second colleague
Janice and Aaron to tag along we were
sent at Charlie's genes in Philadelphia
to see owner Sebastian McCall as soon as
you walk in the door I say okay that's
what I bought this dream for instantly
McCall picked a pair for each of us
though it wasn't quite a slam dunk come
on stand show us I would be arrested in
those counties if I came out okay we
maybe need another size mm-hmm the
baddest but then I welcome Janice was
impressed I have tried on at least 8,000
degrees in my life and maybe on for it
took me three pairs these are good
Sebastian but Aaron's first pair fits
perfectly they feel really good so what
does Sebastian know that most women
don't first as much as you hate the
process he says be patient he also says
one of the biggest mistakes women make
is buying jeans too big McCall says they
should fit close to your body in the
store because they'll stretch about a
half size so check the wrinkles down the
back of your leg one link will slip
because it loosens a half of a size and
that will go away 20 wrinkles they are
too tight you need the bigger size also
check your pocket placement they're
supposed to be smack dab on your butt
the pocket should hit her right where is
hitting her close to the back of her leg
there but not going her leg and about
those trendy skinny jeans no worries
McCall said anyone can really wear the
depending on the rise but if you'd
rather disguise those larger than you'd
like hips McCall says flare jeans or boy
cuts will help you look proportions the
boy cuts a comfortable Jean so whoever
doesn't want to Jean feeling really
tight on their body if they don't want
something super low rise cuts a nice way
to go ready to shop on our website we
have tips for buying jeans that make you
look 10 pounds thinner or elongate your
legs even make your butt look smaller
it's nbc10.com click on consumer look
under consumer links and remember be
patient tracy davidson NBC 10 News